# Support Tech

npm has more than 3 million users worldwide and that number is growing
fast. Their use-cases are incredibly diverse: from systems
administrators writing automation tools, to hobbyists building robots,
to back-end engineers building mobile app APIs, to millions of
front-end developers.

And every day, tens of thousands of brand new users show up.

Our mission at npm is to reduce developer friction. We do it by
building tools that make JavaScript developers' lives easier, by
maintaining a registry with better than 99.999% uptime, and
by answering each of the tweets, emails, and GitHub issues that our
users send us every day.

npm has been successful because we care about our users.  "npm loves
you" is not just marketing; it's a core company value.

To that end, we're building out a dedicated support team.  The right
person for this job combines empathy and communication skills with a
passion for solving technical problems.  Experience with Open Source
and customer service are beneficial, but not required.

Your job will be to serve as the first line of support, fielding
common questions, building up FAQs, and solving the unusual or
complicated cases yourself, with the help of every member of the
engineering team (who are the ones currently doing all these things).

By directly helping our users and customers, and interacting with
every member of the team, you'll gain the kind of cross-company
insight that is so valuable to a career in technology.  You'll be the
first full-time member of this team, but not the last.

You'll report directly to Isaac, CEO and inventor of npm, and a former
front-line support tech himself.  You'll be a full employee with all
benefits, including competitive salary and stock options.  We are not
accepting remote candidates for this role.
