# Project Manager

npm is the world's largest software repository, with 8.5 million users
and over 10 billion downloads every month.  We've got big plans for
2017, adding new features to our website and registry that will let
JavaScript developers work better and faster, and a team of creative,
experienced engineers to get the job done.  As the team grows, we are
hitting an inflection point where communication requires extra care so
that we can efficiently coordinate our collaboration.

As a Project Manager at npm, you will work with multiple engineering
teams, marketing, support, sales, product, and the executive team to
ensure that projects make steady progress towards clear deliverables
along realistic timelines.  You will help ensure that the right
conversations are had, the right questions asked, and blockers
unblocked.  You'll be an information hub within the company, driving
many of our processes and constantly working to scale yourself and the
team so we can do our best work on a startup budget.

npm is a relatively small company, so you will have a lot of autonomy
and your work will be largely self-directed.  You will report directly
to the COO, and your success will be measured by increased project
delivery velocity and visibility as we grow the engineering
organization.

We are remarkably undogmatic about project management styles.  That
being said, our process involves a lot of [writing things
down](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/153881413635/some-notes-on-rfcs),
doing the thing we wrote down, and then reflecting on how it went.  We
practice "[fix the process, not the
person](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/3685/presentations/leader-leader/leader-leader.pdf)",
and keep our post-mortems blame-free.  We believe that small
iterations are best, and improvement is usually more valuable than
perfection.  We apply these principles of documentation and iteration
to our processes as well as our products.

We are looking for someone who is organized enough to keep track of a
large number of details, while also capable of zooming out and seeing
the big picture.  Managing projects in the real world requires enough
confident optimism to embark on these adventures, but also a healthy
dose of pessimism to keep us grounded in the reality of tradeoffs.
You should be able to surface information that helps a team perform at
its best, and keeps the company as a whole from wandering off a cliff.

By improving this team's ability to execute, you'll also be helping
8.5 million people do their jobs better and faster.

We will be accepting applicants for this position through August 11,
2017.

## About working here

We value communication, action, sustainability, and reflection.  We
work collaboratively to find the best solutions to problems.  We focus
on tools and processes rather than on individual heroics.  We also
value flexibility, continual process improvements, and scrappy problem
solving.  There is no job too big or too small for anyone here.

You'll be working out of our headquarters in Oakland, California.
While many of our team members are spread out around the globe, we
will have a preference for local applicants, as this job will be much
easier with direct real-time communication with a majority of our
team.  Because we're spread out, experience with remote work is a huge
plus.  We cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s,
but we can transfer existing H-1Bs.

npm is not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup.  We
are responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who
take our careers and our lives seriously.  The best way to iterate
towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our
users, and one another.

We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is
the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of
vision.  Compassion is our strategy.
