npm is the world's largest software repository, with over 10 million
users and over 13 billion downloads every month. Our engineering team
builds software and services that have become essential to modern
JavaScript development, and are used by every company that builds
websites.

We are looking for someone who has worked with teams at startups
before. You'll make sure your team members are supported, and aid
communication both within your team and with other teams. You'll
understand the company's business goals and pro-actively align your
team's tasks and priorities to match. You'll have experience hiring
engineers, and helping them grow in experience and responsibility as a
company evolves.

You have a background as an experienced engineer who exemplifies our
engineering culture: flexible, pragmatic, communicative, and
empathetic. You won't be writing production code, but we'll expect you
to understand the software your team is building to a degree where you
can meaningfully assist in architectural and implementation decisions,
both by drawing on your own experience and providing the broader
perspective on company goals that your position will give you.

Leaders at npm are evaluated based on the success of their team.  Your
success in this role means pushing authority to information, mentoring
your team to continually improve their skill, building trust for each
other and for their colleagues, and adapting processes as necessary to
execute on our mission.  We believe that having to tell people exactly
what to do indicates a failure mode.

Our team is distributed across locations and timezones, so you must be
comfortable with remote work and asynchronous communication patterns.
Slack is the hub of all of our workflows, so your skill with textual
communication is essential.

npm is an engineering-centric company and its engineering practices
and culture are important to us. In this position you’ll have a chance
to influence that culture and help us live up to our values. We
emphasize collaboration and thoughtful iteration on our processes as
well as our code. We feel that people do their best work when in
emotionally safe environments and in their best physical health, and
our management team is tasked with creating the culture that makes
this possible. Our wish is that we can enable everyone at npm to do
the best work of their careers thus far, and set them up to do even
better work after npm.

The work your team will be doing is vital to all of npm’s product
plans. It will affect the daily work of millions of JavaScript
developers worldwide. If you want to lead an engineering team at the
company that has revolutionized web development, this is the job for
you.

We will be accepting applicants for this position through **Monday, Nov
27, 2017**.

## About working here

You will most likely be working out of our headquarters in Oakland,
California. While many of our team members are spread out around the
globe, we will have a preference for local applicants, as this job
will be easier with direct real-time communication with a majority of
our team. We are open to considering experienced remote candidates,
however! We cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s,
but we can transfer existing H-1Bs.

npm is not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are
responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests, who take
our careers and our lives seriously. The best way to iterate towards
success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our users, and
one another.

We aim for a sustainable approach to work and life, because that is
the best way to maximize long-term speed, while retaining clarity of
vision. Compassion is our strategy.
