# Information Visualization Designer

npm is the package manager for all JavaScript, serving modules to over
11 million developers around the world.  As a low-friction way to
share code, it has facilitated some of the largest open source
movements in web development.  Since its invention in 2009, over
628,000 packages have been published, and are actively consumed by
nearly everyone with a website.

With all that activity comes some interesting and challenging
information problems.  Which packages are good?  Which are rising in
popularity, and which are no longer supported?  Which are OK to use,
and which might have security vulnerabilities?  If the developers at
my company are shipping something with a license that violates our
corporate policies, how am I to know?  And what should be done about
it?  _What are my devs even **doing** with all these modules?_

We have this data.  In fact, we have way too much of it.  But our
users don't want to drown in raw data, they want useful information
that informs wise action.  That's where you come in.

As an Information Visualization Designer at npm, Inc., you'll help
turn this raw data into informative reports and alerts that tell
developers and IT managers what they should do next.  You'll bring
your design skills to bear to make the entire world's software
development processes smarter, with more confidence and security than
ever before.

The ideal candidates for this position will have experience creating
data-driven reports and graphs, displaying quantitative and
qualitative information that busy humans can effectively consume.  You
have strong opinions about information density, removing distractions,
and providing the right level of detail at every stage of a user's
journey.  You embrace the limitations of various media, whether it's
text on a terminal or colors in a webpage.  You get excited about
finding surprising patterns in user behavior, and apply the same
data-driven mindset to refining what we put in front of our users.

Deep familiarity with JavaScript or package management is not
essential to this job, but you find yourself immersed in that world
very quickly, so at least a passing understanding of software
development challenges is a plus.

This is a permanent position, not contract.  (Read: we have more of
these sorts of challenges than we know what to do with, and expect to
keep you busy indefinitely.)  We are an engineering-heavy
organization, so a big part of this job will be setting up a design
process that works for you and empowers the rest of the company.
(This also means you will have direct access to a willing and eager
group of fairly representative users to study.)
