# Senior Product Designer

npm is the package manager for all JavaScript, serving modules to over
11 million developers around the world. As a low-friction way to share
code, it has facilitated some of the largest open source movements in
web development. Since its invention in 2009, over 628,000 packages
have been published. In 2018, nearly everybody who builds a website
uses npm to help them do it.

Our huge popularity presents us with a challenge and an opportunity:
with billions of downloads every week, we know more about what's going
on in the world of JavaScript than anybody else. How do we boil down
this huge amount of data into information that helps our users write
better software? We have insights into the quality, security,
performance, and popularity of every package: how do we surface this
to developers looking for packages? We know what the software
development team at a company is building, how do we help management
get a bigger picture?

To solve these problems and give our users the best possible
experience, npm is hiring a Senior Product Designer. Your job will be
to take a holistic view of the entire npm experience, from the website
to the command line client, and create cohesive and enjoyable
experiences that let developers get real work done while giving
managers insight into how software is being written. npm's ambition is
to reduce friction for everyone in software development, and that will
be your guiding purpose.

You'll be tasked with getting inside our users' heads, applying
empathy tactically to the puzzle of delivering a product vision within
the constraints of what's possible in reality. While you might not be
a software developer yourself, you are familiar with their experience
and the challenges they face.

You'll report directly to our head of product (who is also our CEO),
and work closely with our engineering team as well as other major
stakeholders like marketing, sales, and support. Your output will
include workflows, information architecture, written product specs and
wireframes as appropriate.

This position will be based in our offices in Oakland, CA, and we are
not looking for remote candidates for this position.
