# Senior UX Designer

We have a website. It's really popular, and getting more so every day.
Under the hood, we've rebuilt and refactored it recently to support
more features and a better user experience. But we're just getting
started.

[npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com) gets __TKTK BIG NUMBER__ unique
visitors every month and over __TKTK BIG NUMBER__  pageviews, and has
grown __TKTK BIG NUMBER__% in the last 12 months. People use it to
find new modules, to read the documentation, manage their teams and
settings, and purchase npm's various services.

In the near future, we're going to be launching even more interesting
features, adding more power and insight into JavaScript users' lives.

A package manager is a powerful tool that offers a wide range of
subtle and intricate user experience challenges.  We need a user
experience that is minimal and gets out of user's way, with smart
defaults and simple, obvious workflows.  Even the most beautiful
designs fall flat if they don't communicate effectively and help users
understand what's going on.

As a UX Designer with npm, you'll be working closely with our
product and engineering teams to deliver practical and effective
solutions to these thorny problems.  You embody npm's "Reduce
Friction" mindset, constantly looking for ways to eliminate points of
user frustration and confusion, always pushing for greater consistency
and predictability in the tool you help create.

You'll be tasked with getting inside our users' heads, applying
empathy tactically to the puzzle of delivering a product vision within
the constraints of what's possible in reality.  While you might not be
a software developer yourself, you are familiar with their experience
and the challenges they face.

Your developer empathy also extends to the designs that you give to
engineers in the form of text descriptions, rough wireframes, or
full-fledged mock-ups, which answer questions about how all these
things are supposed to work.

You will report to the head of product (currently npm's CEO, Isaac Z.
Schlueter), and will have stakeholders across several teams.  We are
an engineering-heavy organization, so a big part of this job will be
setting up a design process that works for you and empowers the rest
of the company.

This position will be based in our offices in Oakland, CA, and we are
not looking for remote candidates for this position.
