npm, Inc. seeks a Digital Marketing Manager to help build awareness
and spread adoption of the world’s largest software registry and the
products and services we sell. The position reports to npm’s Vice
President of Marketing in Oakland, California.

## About you

You’re a creative, organized, and versatile generalist who will help
keep the marketing machine humming. You’ll create and iterate on our
marketing efforts, particularly advertising, email marketing, and our
website funnel. Other moving parts include marketing automation, site
optimization and analytics, blog and web content, search engine
marketing, and ad tools. 

We’re looking for prior experience in digital marketing, marketing
operations, or marketing communications, but that’s not rigid. If you
are curious, adaptable, and kind, you can get the hang of this. Other
members of our marketing team have been an unsuccessful screenwriter
and a bartender at a Cajun restaurant, and our CEO started his career
selling vacuum cleaners. It takes all kinds.

## About npm

npm is kind of a big deal. Over 9 million software developers
worldwide use npm, Inc.’s open source software and web registry to
discover, share, and reuse packages of code. Our users download over
550,000 packages more than 3 billion times per week, and registry
downloads have grown by more than 16x in the last two years.

Our paid products and services offer teams and companies additional
ways to organize, share, and secure code, integrate npm with testing
and deployment tools, and bring code reuse into the enterprise. More
than 100,000 companies, including BBC, DocuSign, Electronic Arts,
Hyperloop One, Juniper Networks, Nvidia, Slack, and Visa, rely on npm
to reduce friction and build amazing things.

## About working at npm

npm is not a typical early-stage “work hard/play hard” startup. We are
responsible adults with diverse backgrounds and interests who take
both our careers and our lives seriously. The best way to iterate
towards success is by taking care of ourselves, our families, our
users, and one another. We focus on tools and sustainable processes
rather than on individual heroics, and we value flexibility, continual
process improvements, and scrappy problem solving.

Our headquarters are in Oakland, California, but if you have
experience working remotely, we are open to this. We cannot currently
sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s, but we can transfer existing
H-1Bs.

Closing date for applications is **Friday, November 3, 2017**
