Enterprises in every industry are rapidly undergoing [digital
transformation](https://www.capgemini.com/resources/digital-transformation-a-roadmap-for-billiondollar-organizations/).
Increasingly, this means a move to modern web and mobile customer
interfaces, and that means adopting npm.

Starting in 2009, npm has changed the way JavaScript is written. Now
npm, Inc. is looking for a sales leader with an entrepreneurial
mindset to bring our world-changing products and workflow to market.

npm's open-source technology infrastructure is used by over 9 million
people worldwide, a number that has more than doubled in the last
year. Our paid products are used by enterprises of every size,
including 100% of the Fortune 500. We make their JavaScript software
development teams more productive, and provide enterprise-grade
security and compliance controls as an ever-greater share of corporate
intellectual property moves to rich web, desktop, and mobile apps
written in JavaScript.

We have a fast-growing self-serve business that feeds into our
enterprise sales. Our enterprise customers range in size from $10k to
$1m in ARR. Your job will be to build a repeatable sales process that
increases our ASP, and to hire and lead the team that executes on that
process.

You will report directly to the COO. We expect you to map out the
sales process, including pitch scripts and the overall sales motion,
working closely with our VP of Marketing to get the demand generation
and sales collateral you need.

This is a challenger sale to executives in charge of development and
IT functions, making them aware of the new reality. A growing share of
their money is being spent creating JavaScript applications, and npm
can make their developers faster, happier, and more productive,
generating real business value by reducing friction.

Closing date for applications is: _Friday, November 17, 2017_
