## Enterprise Engineer

When companies need an on-premise npm registry, [npm
Enterprise](http://npm.im/enterprise) is the solution we offer them.
npm Enterprise runs the exact same codebase as the public registry
running at <https://registry.npmjs.org>.

Since we had to build most of the parts in order to facilitate running
the public registry, we started selling npm Enterprise back in
mid-2014.  Despite not having been a top company priority, it's been
picked up by a few of the biggest companies in the world, and reflects
a very significant portion of npm, Inc.'s revenue.

Our goal is for this product to eventually be absolutely trivial for
our customers to buy, install, administer, and manage, as part of
npm's mission of reducing friction at all stages of JavaScript
software developent.

As npm's Enterprise Engineer, you'll work on the last mile of making
npm Enterprise the product that our customers need.  You'll also be
working with customers directly to figure out what those needs are,
and helping them to be successful.

You'll be working closely with the Registry Team (since the codebases
overlap almost entirely), and also assisting with the sales and
onboarding process in order to get a feel for what matters most to our
users.

Your work will have a significant impact in the company's bottom line,
while improving the lives of our users in an immediate and tangible
way.  There is a ton of low-hanging fruit, and plenty of interesting
challenges beyond.

We're looking for someone who combines technical ability with empathy
and a genuine interest in helping customers.  We don't want you
solving the same problems over and over again; we want you improving
the product so that common problems go away.  A background in
consulting or technical support is useful, but not required.

We prefer candidates who are local to our offices in downtown Oakland,
California, but are open to remote work for the right candidate.  We
cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s, and we can
transfer existing H-1Bs.
