## www Engineer

The site you're looking at right now has come a long way. In the last
10 months our hard-working www team has re-written it into [a whole
new codebase](https://github.com/npm/newww), refactoring old code,
implementing a brilliant new design, and adding a bunch of new
features that are going to be released annnnny moment now in support
of [private modules](/private-modules).

We get well over 5MM page views every month, and we're just getting
started. The next 12 months will see us building features that have
long been [on our
roadmap](http://blog.npmjs.org/post/94662089625/the-future-of-the-npm-website-lets-map-this)
like curation tools, package ecosystems, ever-improving search,
interactive tutorials for new users, better package management, and
access control systems for users, organizations and teams.

As you can see, there's a lot to do, and we're going to need a lot of
help to do it. You'll be joining our existing team of two www
engineers, which will be growing to a total of five plus a full-time
designer in 2015. More people means more focus, and juicier features
for you to work on.

As a www engineer, you'll be focusing less on the visual aspects of
the site and more on its functionality. You'll be working closely with
the registry team to define and integrate new APIs in order to
implement new user-facing features, while always keeping in mind the
principles of performance, scalability and security.

We're looking for somebody who is experienced enough to have a strong
sense of best practices and good architectural instincts, to keep the
code base clean and maintainable as our feature set continues to
expand. Your code will be open source, so you'll get help from the
community, as well as a voice in establishing the best practices for
modern web development in node.js.

We prefer candidates who are local to our offices in downtown Oakland,
California, but are open to remote work for the right candidate. We
cannot currently sponsor new work visas, though we can transfer
existing H-1Bs, and TN-1s.
